[DOC] Update TraceQL metrics docs for release (#3418)
grafana/tempo: docs/sources/tempo/traceql/_index.md

{ status=error } | select(span.http.status_code, span.http.url)
```

## Experimental TraceQL metrics

> TraceQL metrics are experimental, but easy to get started with. See [the docs]({{< relref "../operations/traceql-metrics.md" >}}) for more info.

Author: ```suggestion
TraceQL metrics are experimental, but easy to get started with. Refer to [the TraceQL metrics]({{< relref "../operations/traceql-metrics.md" >}}) documentation for more information.
```
